Hello and welcome to this art Tauriel.
So in the previews to toy with the data pre-processing step we first imported the data set the usual
way with the reader function but then we explained that we needed to create a sparse matrix containing
all the transactions that occurred in the store during a whole week and to build the sparse matrix we
used to read that transaction's function including the r.m duplicates argument to remove all the duplicates
and this parse matrix is exactly what we need to train our apriori model on the dataset.
And that's what we're going to do in this tutorial we're going to make the rules.
If I can say that.
OK so now thanks to the Avril's package the training is going to be very simple because we're just going
to use one function which is by the way called the a priori function with only two arguments.
So let's do it.
We're going to create a new variable and we'll call it rules because this variable will contain in some
way the different rules of our business problem.
So rules here and then equals and that's where we use the a priori function with the different arguments
.
And so we going to put two arguments the first argument is going to be our dataset and the second argument
is going to be the parameter argument that will contain the choice of a minimum support and a choice
of a confident support.
So let's have a look at these arguments.
I'm going to press one here and here I have some info about the primary function.
So as you can see the first argument is data.
So let's put it.
Now that's the easiest argument to input.
So data equals data set and then come up and then the second argument.
So the second argument is parameter and as it's written here the parameters is object of class AP parameter
.
And so this object will contain the minimum support that we will set ourselves and a minimum confidence
and we can also specify a maximum of items you want to have in the rules that's given with Maxton.
And actually it's also possible to include a minimum specifying the minimum number of products you want
to have in your rules but we won't actually need that.
And what we will need inevitably is the support and the confidence.
So let's improve that so parameter here.
And we need to include the support and the confidence in this parameter.
The following way we're going to take the list function and then this list we're going to input the
support and the confidence.
So I'm going to add the two arguments here and then we'll see what value we will input for these two
arguments.
All right.
So let's take the slide of the intuition tutorial about the apriori algorithm and let's see what the
different steps of this algorithm are.
So the first step is you can see is to set a minimum support and confidence.
So that's exactly what we are about to do right now.
We are in the first step of the apriori algorithm and that consists of choosing a report and a confidence
.
So the choice of the support and confidence is not a general rule.
We cannot express the support or the confidence with the explicit equation.
It actually depends on the business problem itself.
It actually depends on your goals.
The goal related to your business problem.
It also depends on your dataset the number of observations you have the number of items.
So that depends on different circumstances that don't allow us to make some general rule about how to
calculate the support in the conference.
But don't worry it will make a lot of sense when we explain how we calculate the support in the conference
here and you will be able to apply it to your business problem.
OK so let's start with the support the support of a set of items I.
Is equal to the number of transactions contained in this set of items.
I divided by the total number of transactions and the support argument that we are putting here is actually
the minimum support you want to have in your rules.
That means that the items that are going to appear in your rules will have a higher support than this
minimum support here and same for the confidence.
So what we must ask ourselves Is that what supports Do we want to have all our different items in the
rules so that the rules are relevant because for example if we go back to the plot here with actually
the 100 observations which is this one.
If we zoom on it well we can see that we have a lot of products that are not pre-Chase very frequently
in these specific products other products with small supports because a few transactions contain these
products here.
So when you divide the number of transactions containing this products by the total number of transactions
then you'll get a small support and you know since these products are not pre-Chase very often they're
not very relevant for optimization problem because you know we want to optimize the sales.
That's what we want to optimize.
Roll is the revenue.
And since the revenue is a linear combination of the different numbers of products where the coefficients
are actually the prices of these products.
Well in order to optimize the revenue we would need to optimize the sales of these products here that
are pre-Chase very often rather than these products here there are less pre-Chase.
And so what we need to choose here is the support that will only include the products on the left of
this vertical bar here that will correspond to the minimum support.
So for example let's say the value here on the y axis is in 0 5.
Then that means that all the products on the left of this vertical bar will have a support higher than
0.05.
And so if we set a minimum support of 0.05 then the rules will only contain the different products of
this left side of the vertical bar here.
And so now how to choose to support.
Well we need to look at the products that are pre-Chase rather frequently like at least three or four
times a day.
Again that depends on your business goal.
But what's for sure is that if we manage to find some strong rules about items that are bought at least
three or four times a day then by associating them and placing them together customers will be more
likely to put them in their basket and therefore more of these products will be purchased and therefore
the sales will increase.
So that will be the starting point of how we're going to set the minimum support.
We're going to consider the product.
There are pre-Chase at least three or four times a day and then we will look at the rules and of course
if we're not convinced by the rules we will change this value of the support.
That's how we work with the a priori model.
You know we try different values of support different values of confidence until we are satisfied with
the rules and until we think it makes sense.
And you know we can also try these rules within a certain period of time and then if we look at the
impact on the revenue and if we don't observe a meaningful increase in the sales revenue we can later
change the support and the confidence to change the rules and then experience again until we find the
strongest rules that are in sales.
So that's actually what happened in real life.
But of course in these tutorials we're going to try with products purchased three or four times a day
.
And so we'll see what happens.
Okay.
So actually we didn't set the support yet we just decided that we'll look at the products or pre-Chase
that these three or four times a day but that will quickly lead us to support because if a product is
bought let's say three times a day that means it's pre-Chase three times seven equals 21 times a week
.
And since the support is the number of transaction contained in this product over the total number of
transactions and since there are 7500 transactions then we get the minimum support that is equal to
seven times three over 7500.
So let me explain that by writing this here.
So OK.
We said we considered the products that are purchased three times a day.
That's three here then since the total number of transactions were registered over a week.
That means that if we consider the products that are pre-Chase three times a day that means or pre-Chase
on average three times seven times a week.
So this three times seven equals 21 Here is the number of transactions contained in this product but
three times a day over the whole week.
And now we need to divide by the total number of transactions to get this minimum support and the total
number of transactions is actually seven thousand five hundred and this value here that we're about
to compute is nothing else than the support of a product that is purchased three times a day.
And you know we want our rules to consider only the products.
Are at least three times a day.
So all the products of our rules will have a higher support than their support here that we're about
to compute.
So let's compute it.
Let's find out what it is.
And that's the value we will give to this support parameter here.
So right now I just need to press enter and that's the value open.
Oh 28.
We will round this to 0 1 0 3.
And so that is the minimum support of the product that will be considered by our rules.
So let's put its own point 0 3 right.
Okay.
So that's it for the support.
Now the second subtype are Step one is to set a minimum confidence.
So the choice of the confidence still depends on the business problem but mostly on your business goals
.
So what we'll do now is we're not going to compute confidence like we computed the support we're going
to start with the default value and then decrease the confidence step by step until we get some relevant
rules because you know the confidence is kind of a arbitrary choice.
We don't want to have a too high confidence because if we get too high confidence we will get to obvious
rules you know rules that we don't need a machine learning algorithm to understand where we need to
place the products next to each other.
And we shouldn't have a too small confidence because if we get too small confidence we will get some
nonsense rules like you know if I'm buying chocolate I want to buy shampoo.
That's a nonsense rule that doesn't make any sense.
And that's the kind of rule we'll get if we sell it to small confidence.
So we will start with the default value which is actually 0.8.
I think we will have a look at it.
We can go back to help here to look at the description and if we want to have the info about these two
arguments here support and confidence.
What we need to do is click on this AP parameter here which is the class.
And here we go.
That gives you the information of the parameter argument a priori and Ekla and Clydes the other model
that will make after this section.
And as you can see we get informations about the support and confidence in other arguments.
So these are actually the arguments that are both in a priori and a cloud.
And below you have some additional arguments that are only for apiary because you'll see that the Ekla
algorithm doesn't have a confidence in its algorithm and only consider the support.
We all see that afterwards.
But right now what we're interested in is actually the confidence.
And you can see that the full value is 0.8.
So that's what we will start with.
I'm not saying we will get some interesting results.
You can already imagine what we're going to get because 0.08 is a very high confidence.
Try to guess what we'll get with this high confidence 0.8 and worry we will divide it by 2 to try some
smaller confidences until we get some relevant rules.
Okay so that's actually ready with the single line of code containing only these two parameters the
data set and this parameter here with the minimum support and the minimum confidence.
We train our pre remodel on our dataset so let's select this line and execute.
And here we go are a priori model is created and by the way the rules are also created.
So let's have a look at the info here.
All right so that's the a priori model and here we have the default parameters of this parameter argument
here.
So we can see that we have the minimum confidence here on AIDS and the minimum support 0.03 And we also
have the middleman of the basket.
That means that the basket of the rules we'll consider will contain at least one product.
Well we could have actually set to here to have at least two products in the role.
We'll see if we get a problem with that.
But so far the most important arguments we need to improve our support and the confidence.
Okay.
So the algorithmic control that's not very important for us.
Now that's kind of a little more advanced and here we get some other interesting informations.
The most important information when you look at here is the number of rules we can actually see zero
rules here.
That means that when we trained our a priori model here this model actually found zero rule.
And can you guess why.
Well of course it's used to the choice of our minimum conscience because by setting this minimum confidence
0.8 that means that all the rules made by our a priori algorithm have a confidence higher than 0.8.
And what does that mean.
That means that each rule should be correct at least on 80 percent of the transactions.
So 80 percent is a lot that means that the rule must be true at least four times out of five.
And that's why we found zero rule with a minimum confidence of 0.8 because no rule is true at least
Fortune's actions are five.
So that's what I was telling you.
We can start with a default value.
But since we have a lot of transactions and a lot of products that the customers can pre-Chase.
Well of course we need to set smaller confidence so we will divide it by 2.
So we will try now 0.4.
And now let's see what we get.
So let's really execute this line.
It will retrain the operating model on a data set and recreate some new rules.
Here we go.
Now we have two hundred and eighty one rules much better.
So that's a relief.
And now of course what we're going to do is look at the rules themselves.
We're going to visually see what the rules are.
So we're going to see exactly which products should be placed next to each other and we will see the
strongest association rules.
We will see what Prak customers pre-Chase if they buy another product.
So we will see all this very explicitly and that's what we're going to do in the next to Teutul Psylocke
forward to discovering these rules with you.
And until then Joe machine learning